#echo 4_32
#python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int4bfp/bs32/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
#echo 5_32
#python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int5bfp/bs32/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
#echo 45_32
#python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int45bfp/bs32/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
#echo 54_32
#python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int54bfp/bs32/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
#echo 6_32
#python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int6bfp/bs32/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
#echo 7_32
#python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int7fp/bs32/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs


#echo 4_16
#python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int4bfp/bs16/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
#echo 5_16
#python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int5bfp/bs16/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
#echo 45_16
#python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int45bfp/bs16/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
#echo 54_16
#python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int54bfp/bs16/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
#echo 6_16
#python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int6bfp/bs16/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
echo 7_16
python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int7fp/bs16/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs


#echo 4_8
#python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int4bfp/bs8/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
echo 5_8
python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int5bfp/bs8/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
#echo 45_8
#python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int45bfp/bs8/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
echo 54_8
python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int54bfp/bs8/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
#echo 6_8
#python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int6bfp/bs8/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
echo 7_8
python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int7fp/bs8/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs


echo 4_4
python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int4bfp/bs4/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
echo 5_4
python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int5bfp/bs4/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
echo 45_4
python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int45bfp/bs4/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
echo 54_4
python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int54bfp/bs4/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
echo 6_4
python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int6bfp/bs4/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
echo 7_4
python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int7fp/bs4/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs


echo 4_2
python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int4bfp/bs2/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
echo 5_2
python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int5bfp/bs2/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
echo 45_2
python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int45bfp/bs2/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
echo 54_2
python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int54bfp/bs2/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
echo 6_2
python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int6bfp/bs2/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
echo 7_2
python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int7fp/bs2/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs


echo 4_1
python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int4bfp/bs1/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
echo 5_1
python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int5bfp/bs1/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
echo 45_1
python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int45bfp/bs1/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
echo 54_1
python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int54bfp/bs1/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
echo 6_1
python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int6bfp/bs1/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs
echo 7_1
python main.py -m train --config configs/quantization/resnet18_imagenet/int7fp/bs1/cfg.json --data /media/cnn/datasets --log-dir resnet_runs



